136 ran 1111) or uonuen:

married the daughter and heiress 01 Walter de Sully, a 1

knight 01 Norman desoent, and united his estate to
Avan. He died 6111 August 1288.

Soon afterwards the disputa respecting Malvem
Chase, settled about 1255, was reopened, the Earl
elaiming right 01 chase on Malvern Hill, 111 Oolwall

and Estun, against 1110 Bishop 01 Woroester, who ¹

gained the cause, which, however, reappeared a few

years later. The Bishop 01 Hereford, who had also

certain claime-came to an agreement with the Earl p

In 1276, the Earl made a final effort to recover the
Castle and Borough 01 Bristol, as the heir 01 William,
Earl of Glouoestcr. The cause seems to have been
fairly tried by the magnates 01 the realm, and judg-
ment went against him, on the ground that the Crown
had held them during the last four reigns Also, in
1276, the Earl’s Bailiff 01 Caerleon, and his Sheriff 01

Glamorgan, are ordered by the Kingvnot to allow the
tenants to supply provisions to the elsh rebels.

In December 1277, the Earl was impleaded by cer·
tain merchants for debts incurred in aid 01 the Welsh
war, in consideration 01 which a delay was allowed
him. About the same time arose a dispute with the
Bishop 01 Winchester about the Chureh 01 Portland‚
and John Pickard and Maurice de Lambeth represented
the Earl. In March 1278, he seems to have escorted
Alexander, Kin 01 Scots, to London, under a sale·
conduct from Edward, and at Michaelmas he was pre·
sent at the homage rendered by the Scottish King.

10111 January 1279, Bishop Braose 01 Llandafl was
summoned before the Exchequer 101 sums due on the
wardship 01 a certain youth which he had obtained in
satisfaction 101 100 mares paid by him on behalf 01
Ralph Crosa, the youth’s father; a kind 01 security
then common. About this time Matilda, Countess 01
Gloucester, and Earl Gilbert, her son, were called to
deliver to Roger Mortimer and Matilda his wife, cer·
tain lande and rents in Usk, which had been assigned
10 the latter lady. They were cousins. (tilbert, 5th

 

